froggie learns to swim it was hot it's a
forum said froggies mother
so froggy and his parents dropped
outside to the pond
hop hop up on your mark get set go
Froggy's father sailed in splash
froggies mother sailed in splash but
where was froggy froggy called his
mother but I can't shrink and hide it
because I did not dig like grandpa okay
well let's see how hi froggy can swing
come on in and swim no no I don't know
how to swim I want to swing we sang
froggy swinging higher and higher he
swung so high he almost touched the sky
he swung so high he wound round and
round the crossbar zine then unwound
like a spring zing and flew through the
air right smack into the pond splash
what are you doing ask froggies mother
I'm drowning cried froggy help he
grabbed hold of his mother and climbed
on what do you mean you're drowning
don't you know frogs are born in the
water they are great swimmers not me
bubbled froggy
I can't swim Oh fiddlesticks she said
I'll show you how first float on your
belly and stick your face in I won't let
go
say bubble bubble underwater then raise
your face for air and say to do either
word - froggy wide I'll come on froggy
just try it
repeat after me bubble bubble toot toot
bubble bubble toot toot spluttered
froggy great now float on your back and
do the frog kick I won't let go then go
like this and she showed froggy how
saying chicken airplane soldier do it
and repeat after me
chicken airplane soldier other word - 1
froggy a lot froggy just do it chicken
airplane soldier gasps froggy he gloved
and blogged and almost sank mommy I need
my slippers
then I'll swim froggy climbed out and
flopped back to his house he pulled on
his flippers up and flopped back to the
pond flop flop splash now try it again
said froggies mother
bubble bubble toot toot chicken airplane
soldier he gloved and blogged and almost
sank mommy I need my mask and my snorkel
then I'll swim
froggy climbed out and flopped back to
his house he pulled on his mask and
snorkel
Zuk Zuk and flopped back to the pond
flop flop splash now one more time set
froggies mother Bubble Bobble to do
chicken air play soldier and then it
happened
oops spluttered froggy what's the matter
asked his mother
oh nothing he said looking more red in
the face than green well it's getting
cold froggy it's time to get out no no I
can't get out why not well and he
bubbled underwater while she crawled out
then he burst up for air and yelled wait
what is it asked his mother my bathing
suit he shouted don't look I'm getting
out froggy climbed out and he yanked on
his bathing suit with a zap of elastic
then he pulled on his flippers up and
sailed back into the pond flop up splash
froggy called his mother would I told
you it's time to get out no no I don't
want to get out I want to swim Froggy's
mother shook her head I told you frogs
are great swimmers she said and sat down
with froggies father to watch him and
froggy sang bubble bubble to to chick
and airplane soldier all night long
Swee
I don't know whatever I want to do camel